Now we have student into glass, which is representing one table that we have in our bicycle database,
see by working with Jibia.
We need to have a repository and using that only we can perform the current operations or the particular
table.
So here we have 380 class, right?
So let's create the student repository.
So for a repository, let's say a separate package.
First, create the package repository.
Now, let's clear the repository, and that will be an interface.
OK, so let's create the new Interface C student repository.
Mark, this with add repository, in addition.
This one from the spring framework.
And here we need to extend deep repository.
This one led me to maximize so that you can have a better look.
See here we need to provide two things, OK.
One is either entity Glass.
So here in our example, which one does $2.4, right?
So this one's related to glass.
And the second is unique identifiers data type.
So let's go to our entity glass.
Which one is our unique identifier?
OK.
The one which we market it at ID and a decent rate.
So this is the.
What is the data type of it?
Long, so copied.
Go to our repository and provide it or here.
OK.
So this is one repository for which entity, class student and what is the day-to-day for our unique
identifier.
Long.
OK?
And this is what student table?
OK.
So for each musical table, you will be having one entity class, and for that entity glass, you will
be having one repository.
So using this repository and this entity class, they can perform the crud operations over the student
data that we have in our my school database.
OK.
In the upcoming lectures, you received how to use this repository and all.
So this is our repository.
So we need to provide this package.
OK.
And we need to enable the repository for our spring wood application.
So this is our main class, and let's enable.
GP repositories and provide the package, OK, this is the package which is containing a lot of repositories
as of now, we just have one repository which one student repository that's just now we created, right?
So while working with Libya, you need to remember one thing for each sequel table, you will be having
an identity class.
And for that and the deals, you will be having one repository and using that repository identity class,
you can perform the current operations over the people here.
In our example, we'll screen table for that.
We have Entity Class $1.0 and we have repository as student repository.
See, for always being good application.
We need to enable the DP repository OK using this annotation.
If you don't provide this one, then spinning data DP will not work.
So make sure you have these annotation and this we have already seen in the previous lecture.
So now we are all good with the entity, class and repository, and from the next lecture we will get
started with the spinning data DP.
So that's all for now, and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.